readme.md, before:

# [DBGit](http://databasegit.com) by [Fusionsoft](https://www.fusionsoft.ru/en/) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) [![0pdd](http://www.0pdd.com/svg?name=rocket-3/dbmss)](http://www.0pdd.com/svg?name=rocket-3/dbmss)



#### Release Notes
There's a [stable version](https://github.com/databasegit) that works pretty well with `Postgres` dbms
Now building the codebase from scratch.

#### Start using DBGit

- visit the [release repo](https://github.com/databasegit/dbgit)
- follow instructions in the same section

## License
Copyright (C) 2021-2021 [Fusionsoft](https://www.fusionsoft.ru/en/)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Create Dbd data abstraction class diagram

readme.md, after:

# [DBGit](http://databasegit.com) by [Fusionsoft](https://www.fusionsoft.ru/en/) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) [![0pdd](http://www.0pdd.com/svg?name=rocket-3/dbmss)](http://www.0pdd.com/svg?name=rocket-3/dbmss)



#### Release Notes
There's a [stable version](https://github.com/databasegit) that works pretty well with `Postgres` dbms
Now building the codebase from scratch.

#### Start using DBGit

- visit the [release repo](https://github.com/databasegit/dbgit)
- follow instructions in the same section

#### DBD format of storing database description
![Class diagram of an absraction](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/svg/3Son3SCm34JHtbCa0qGiqgNoAZ95n48aoY2FoFfcTGyuuE-EQeWvjcTN7j4aR3nEuF8FaTL_-NQSSOIByLA8el2QP8j_WjURsZ7TQLQ76BbniYjbC9zMhiIsYxRS6m00)

## License
Copyright (C) 2021-2021 [Fusionsoft](https://www.fusionsoft.ru/en/)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
